---
layout: post
title: Swami Santacharya's Bizzare Epiphanies
---

# {{ page.title }}

This blog is a collection of sporadic and spotanteous grand epiphanes that occured to Sri Sriman Riddhiman Abalbrahmachari Gyanchuramani Ratnasamvaba Swami Santacharya Trilokeshwara Advutsagar during his sessions of solitary meditation in the nearly impregnable forests of Hokkaido.

## Curriculum vitae

Born into the lush landscapes of rural Bangladesh traced by many rivers, Santanu had an inexplicable affection towards mother nature. He felt rhythm was imbued in all of her material. His father was a tulo pundit (educator of a Sanskrit school). Most of his childhood was spent in solitude and deep contemplation regarding the nature of man. Being a handsome man in his prime, many village girls were lining up to marry him. He however was a clinging mother's boy, and she would attempt to fend of those golddiggers from entering his life; much as what would happen in a Hitchcock film. At his seventeenth birthday, he concieved his first epiphany of life—the human body being a vessel for the contemptous spirit of god to wreck havoc on all living beings. Disillusioned of Banga Bandhu's rule, and fearing genocide operated by tyrant Pakistan, his father along with his family immigrated to India in 1971. Santacharya's family took shelter in the Junglemahal; however paranoid of naxalites of then-ongoing Naxalbari uprising spearheaded by communist leader Charu Majumder against the corrupt bourgeoisie. Congress did best to eliminate them in police encounter.

Santanu one day ventured deep into the depths of the forests of Junglemahal, discovering a hut beside a pond. He a fearless teenager, treaded into the hut and saw a lookalike of him. She was as atsonished as him, but invited him in nonetheless. She revealed to him that her name was Cynthia and about her prowess of various tantric rites of Vajrayana. She told him that she left home at the young age of fourteen having been grown disinterested in the material world to seek nirvana from the cycle of death and rebirth. Impressed, he resided there for two weeks and studied under her tutelage. Him being a meritorious student, she was pleased and bestowed him the title of Sri Sriman Riddhiman Abalbrahmachari Gyanchuramani Ratnasamvaba Swami Santacharya Trilokeshwara Advutsagar. Coming back one night, he saw only his mother sleeping on a mat on floor; father absent. He later discovered that his father had been suspected of being Naxal and executed by the ruthless government. Then many weeks after the incident, Santacharya began travelling across the Santhal villages of Jungalmahal, and soon moved to Kolkata to live in a mess there. Whilst in Kolkata, he came to know many of the fraud Gurus claiming to—hypnotize, double the money, or heal otherwise incurable diseases. He had a short stint as a Saree seller, which helped him secure a monetary backing. With money in hand, he became embrolied in a self-employed sting operation, leading upto an anonymous exposé of these gurus. He recieved a barrage of death threats, but he hadn’t fret of dying for he had overcome the fear, having crossed country borders and lived in the dreaded forests of Junglemahal. He in his conquest attraced a cult following; through which he promoted his cynical philosophy, gathering intrigue from both believers and skeptics alike.

In 1993 he sailed to Japan to promote his cynical ideology. He attracted the attetion of some Japanese folks there. Notably, he met then-broke Hideaki Anno, whose description of his own clinical depression intrigued Santacharya. He was astonished to learn that Nagisa Oshima made a film about the war-ravaged Bangladesh named [*Joi! Bangla*](https://www.thedailystar.net/life-living/news/bangabandhu-through-the-eyes-japanese-filmmaker-nagisa-oshima-3280221); but being the cynic he was however, held a skeptic stance of the stability of Rahman's regime. He would tell Anno how his father fled to India, and was executed on the basis of false belief. Anno would frequently note to him about his upcoming anime series to document his depression, which eventually turned out to be the blockbuster Neon Genesis Evangelion. Dissatisfied with Anno's outcome—especially in last two episodes—he urged him to cast a retake, which is what became The End of Evangelion. Anno took cynical principles of his guru Santacharya, and implementing them made it a poignant coming-of-age film. Santacharya entered his mid-life with a voracious taste for anime and manga. He stayed in Japan out of his kinship with Anno, and because rice was easily available in Japan—a crucial part of Bengali cuisine.

At the beginning of twenty-first century, Santacharya went underground somewhere within the bamboo forests of Hokkaido; along his mother (for the lifelong mother’s boy he is) and extensive Hentai manga collection he built in three years. He came back four years later after with a red tilak on his forehead, and shared a dream experience of Maa Kali ordering him to worship her. He gained a cult-following amongst the youth of Japan and abroad in the late 2010s, primarily for his meditations on various aspects anime and manga, and also because of his bizzare epiphanies. Monica Biswas, his hobbyist biographer and currently a student of computer science, collected his sporadic epiphanies he sent to her through email, and it eventually turned into this blog. 

