Dubbed as the Indian Marquis de Sade, Harisai Karthikeyan is renowned as a vicious sadistic serial killer, with his attack being primarily perpetrated on pre-pubescent children, whom he subjected to his demented, inhumane sexual fantasies, such as—bondage, sadomasochism, rape, and various other techniques. CBI seized his property along with his DVDs full of child pornography.

However, Karthikeyan wasn't always like this. He was born in a lavish bourgeoisie family. He never had to ask for anything; everything was served to him on a silver platter. Despite having been born with such huge wealth, life wasn't so pleasing for Karthikeyan. His parents had never let him mingle with people of lower status, thus forcing him to grow up in isolation, oblivious to the rules of the world. Adding to this was his homeschooling with hired tutors. He was never a bright student. When his mentors took study lessons, he would often act with petulance and never answer them.

## The Origins
One night, Karthikeyan peeked inside his mother's bedroom, discovering that she was vigorously masturbating while watching a pornographic video on their 48" LED TV, involving a young man having intercourse with an older woman (MILF) on all fours. Karthikeyan, who just hit puberty, was enchanted by the scene; felt heat pool in his organ. Since then, he kept peeking into his mother's room in hopes of witnessing the scene. Meanwhile he had begun to fondle his penis, and learnt masturbation quickly. He was just ten-year old. He would even capture pictures of his mother's vagina on his luxurious touchscreen phone, and masturbate to that.

## Part Deux
Karthikeyan, fourteen by then, had come across an abandoned DVD of 120 Days of Sodom, a film directed by Pier Paolo Passolini. One day, when his parents were out-of-town, he took his life's biggest decision—for better or worse—playing the DVD. His nascent libertine mind was captivated by the scenes. He fell through the slippery slope of morality, eventually succumbing to his perverted desires. Inspired by Passolini's film, he fantasized assaulting women during violent sex, torturing them, hearing their pleas of mercy. Runaway at age fifteen, he got involved in a large sex scandal operated in Karnataka, after having met a mysterious man named Nathuram Navinchadra at a gay bar of Kancheepuram. He embarked on a wanton rampage, cascaded through orgies, where the riches held their depraved fests. 

## Crime Spree
Five years later, he eventually came in vicinity of a pedophilic noble woman, who purchased him for a large sum of money as her faithful sex slave, subsequently becoming his sugar mother. He operated various crimes in her aegis. Karthikeyan, seventeen as of 2016, watched the movie Cannibal Holocaust, directed by Ruggero Deodato. His mind completely berserk by then, had he one day rampaged to perpetrate attack on six college girls. He lured them in his trap, then silently added sedatives in their smoothies. Then, somnophilic he had raped and murdered them; mutilated their corpses by ravishing their breasts, stabbing their vagina repeatedly with a sharp knife, slashed their throats open. He extracted all organs that could be sold on the black market. He, like a cannibal, ate the rest of her their bodies—evidence gone, job done. He commited numerous such crimes, later targetting vulnerable pre-school and primary school infants, by luring them into his trap.

## Crime Investigation
CBI Investigation began as of late 2017. And, after numerous failed attempts, Karthikeyan was successfully captured in 2018 from Ghatal, West Bengal. He was taken to police custody, thereafter being sentenced to lifelong imprisonment by the Supreme Court of India. The news spread like a wildfire throughout Indian media, spurring various debates and discussions. The entire nation put to trauma by the brutality of the incident.

While imprisoned in Tihar Jail, he secretly wrote novels, containing philosophical treatises in the backdrop of violent pornography. It contained disturbing and graphical depictions of bestiality, necrophilia, scatophilia, somnophilia, paedophilia, foot fetish, zoophilia. Among others, beastiality was rather violently, where a teenage boy referred to as N.P.B had a sadistic rape fantasy of cats. Manuscripts of this novel were secretly smuggled from prison, and were brought to public with pseudonym A. Saha, but was tentatively retracted by authorities because of its brutal content.

Karthikeyan had already become an adult by 2019, and Supreme Court of India this time—disregarding consideration—sentenced him to death by hanging on December 25, 2019.
